Hey, and welcome to this lesson on smart contract security.
Smart contract security is a huge and extremely important topic.
With smart contracts, large amounts of money are being
handled constantly using programs that anyone can access.
These smart contracts can't be updated once they're launched,
and errors in the code can result in hackers getting away with huge amounts of money.
Now, this isn't meant to scare you away.
The idea is to understand how crucial this is to your career as a blockchain developer.
Luckily, there is a rapidly developing ecosystem of tools and
communities that are coming together to help
ensure the security of smart contracts we develop.
Because of the importance of this subject,
I'll be approaching this lesson a little differently than others.
For one, it's impossible for this lesson to be
the one-stop shop for all things related to smart contract security.
For that reason, I'll focus on pointing you in the right direction,
and you'll need to continue researching and developing in this field,
so you can always stay up to date.
That said, there is a ton we can go over here.
To start the lesson,
we'll go over a few well-known attacks that have happened on smart contracts,
the Parity wallet hack and the DAO attack.
We'll code up versions of the original contracts,
identify the weaknesses that were exploited,
then hack these systems for ourselves.
The goal isn't to blame anyone in particular that may have overlooked these errors,
but to learn from them and ensure that we don't make the same mistakes.
After this, we'll walk through some resources,
like the solidity security considerations,
some coding best practices,
then take a look at the research and development that has happened in this space.
Next, we'll look at the tooling ecosystem that is taking
shape to help you make sure contracts you create are safe and secure.
These tools include things like security audits and bug bounties,
where companies and other developers take time to try and exploit
any potential weaknesses in your contract before they are deployed.
Throughout the lesson, there'll be a series of contract examples,
where you'll be asked to identify the type of vulnerabilities that exist.
This will help you get a good eye for catching these errors and
hopefully help you not make similar mistakes in your code in the future.
So, with that said,
I hope you understand the value of the extra reading
and outside resources that come along with this lesson.
I'll give as much guidance as I can to point you in the right direction,
and by the end you should be able to stay on top of the latest research in this field.
This is an extremely valuable skill to have as a developer,
and you'll continue utilizing all these skills
for as long as you continue developing smart contracts.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6